docs: Improve Run Novu locally docs (#1911)
novuhq/novu: docs/docs/community/run-locally.md

## Running tests

After making changes, you can run the tests for the respective package using the appropriate CLI commands:

### API

To run the API tests, run the following command:

```shell
npm run start:e2e:api
```

The tests create a new instance of Novu and a test db and run the tests against it. The test db is removed after all tests have finished running.

### Web

To run the front end tests for the web project using cypress you need to install localstack.
The cypress tests perform E2E tests. To be able to perform E2E tests, you need to run the API service in the appropriate test environment.

Run the services in test env with the following commands:

```shell
npm run start:e2e:api
npm run start:ws:test
```

Run the cypress test suite with the following command:

```shell
cd apps/web && npm run cypress:run
```

> To open the cypress management windows to debug test runs, run with the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To open the cypress management windows to debug tests, run with the following commands:
```
